
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                        TOZNY, LLC PROPRIETARY LICENSE
             Copyright 2013-2021 Tozny LLC. All rights reserved.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contents of this file or files in this repository are Proprietary and
Confidential Information constituting Trade Secrets of Tozny LLC.

Use of this file, files in this repository, any information, or software in
which the content is incorporated (collectively, the “Content”) requires and is
subject to compliance with the terms of the commercial license (the “License”) 
(https://tozny.com/tozny-terms-of-service/) and/or a Master Service and License
Agreement (collectively, the "Agreement") executed with Tozny. Unless the terms
of the Agreement are agreed to in writing, use
of this Content is prohibited and is restricted from being copied, modified,
incorporated into other applications, sold, or otherwise distributed in any
form.

Contact Tozny at info@tozny.com for more information.

Other than as expressly set forth herein or in the Agreement, or other 
instrument executed by Tozny, nothing in this License shall grant to any user 
(i) license or other rights in or to the Tozny name, any Tozny logo, the Tozny
domain name, any other Tozny trademark or service mark, or other intellectual
property; or (ii) ownership rights in any Tozny technology, software, hardware,
products, processes, algorithms, user interfaces, know-how, trade secrets,
techniques, designs, inventions, other tangible or intangible technical
material or information, or other intellectual property (collectively, "Tozny
Technology"), any and all of which are hereby expressly reserved to Tozny.

Unless as expressly set out in the terms of the Agreement all Content available
or distributed is on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either
express or implied, including any warranty of merchantability or fitness. 

